Devservices documentation (#281)
quarkiverse/quarkus-amazon-services: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/amazon-kms.adoc

* An AWS Account to access the KMS service
* Docker for your system to run KMS locally for testing purposes

=== Provision KMS locally via Dev Services

The easiest way to start working with KMS is to run a local instance using Dev Services.

=== Provision KMS locally manually

> You can also setup a local version of KMS manually, first start a localstack container:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also set up a local version of KMS manually, first start a localstack container:
```
